Hey everyone.
Welcome back.
I hope you enjoyed everything
we just showed you.
Now that you have successfully installed
a Android system onto a DragonBoard,
let's take a short look back and
see what we exactly did.
>> So the first thing we went ahead and
did was download the Android
images off the 96boards website.
>> Next, we download the win32diskimager,
and like we said before,
it's just a tool that will allow us to
write the .image file onto the SD card.
>> So after unzipping those Android images
file and installing the win32diskimager,
we use the win32diskimager to
write the images onto the SD card.
And lastly once the SD Card was
flashed with the operating system,
we took the SD Card,
we inserted into the Dragonboard, and
we booted it up with the new
operating system on the Dragonboard.
And now we have the Android
>> So with that all done,
hopefully you guys can
use you new Android DragonBoard
to make some cool apps.
Have fun with it.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't know.
>> There's a lot of cool things you can
do with the Android operating system, so
I hope to see you on future lessons.